README.md, before:

# Intelligent Recipe & Meal Planning

## Overview

The Intelligent Recipe and Meal Planning Application is a comprehensive solution that integrates various services
to provide a personalized cooking and meal planning experience. It employs algorithms (like AI or other methods) to
suggest recipes based on user preferences, pantry inventory, and historical choices, aiming to streamline grocery shopping
and minimize food waste.

## Services

* **User Profile Service:**
  Manages user data, including dietary preferences and restrictions influencing meal choices.
* **Recipe Suggestion Service:**
  Utilizes algorithms (like AI) to offer personalized recipe suggestions based on user profiles.
* **Inventory Management Service:**
  Tracks pantry items and their quantities from various storage places around the household.
* **Shopping List Optimization Service:**
  Generates and optimizes grocery lists based on meal planning and existing inventory.
  Possibly incorporates sale information from nearby supermarkets to create budget-friendly lists.
* **Meal Planning Service:**
  Allows users to plan meals incorporating suggestions from the recipe suggestion service.
  Users can select meals based on suggestions, creating a plan for the coming days.
* **Price Optimization:**
  Compares prices for items on the grocery list to find the cheapest options.
  Considers a given parameter to determine the best options when splitting the list across different supermarkets.
* **Supermarket Services:**
  Retrieves prices of products from specific supermarkets.

## Authors

* Floris Vossebeld: [f.r.vossebeld@student.utwente.nl]()
* Evan Franciszok: [e.w.franciszok@student.utwente.nl]()

Commit message:

very simple spring boot application with docker compose

README.md, after:

# Intelligent Recipe & Meal Planning

## Overview

The Intelligent Recipe and Meal Planning Application is a comprehensive solution that integrates various services
to provide a personalized cooking and meal planning experience. It employs algorithms (like AI or other methods) to
suggest recipes based on user preferences, pantry inventory, and historical choices, aiming to streamline grocery shopping
and minimize food waste.

# Run with docker-compose 

Build and start the container by running 

```
docker-compose up -d 
```

#### Test application with ***curl*** command

```
curl localhost:8080
```

response should be:
```
Hello World
```

## Services

* **User Profile Service:**
  Manages user data, including dietary preferences and restrictions influencing meal choices.
* **Recipe Suggestion Service:**
  Utilizes algorithms (like AI) to offer personalized recipe suggestions based on user profiles.
* **Inventory Management Service:**
  Tracks pantry items and their quantities from various storage places around the household.
* **Shopping List Optimization Service:**
  Generates and optimizes grocery lists based on meal planning and existing inventory.
  Possibly incorporates sale information from nearby supermarkets to create budget-friendly lists.
* **Meal Planning Service:**
  Allows users to plan meals incorporating suggestions from the recipe suggestion service.
  Users can select meals based on suggestions, creating a plan for the coming days.
* **Price Optimization:**
  Compares prices for items on the grocery list to find the cheapest options.
  Considers a given parameter to determine the best options when splitting the list across different supermarkets.
* **Supermarket Services:**
  Retrieves prices of products from specific supermarkets.

## Authors

* Floris Vossebeld: [f.r.vossebeld@student.utwente.nl]()
* Evan Franciszok: [e.w.franciszok@student.utwente.nl]()
